>> Bianca Gandolfo: We're gonna scaffold
our general remove node methods.
That's gonna be in our exercise repo.
So if we go to Exercises
here,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: We're
gonna start with the delete node method.
And we're only gonna count for
the first two cases.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: For general nodes.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So the difference
here, instead of the min and the max,
is that you're gonna pass a value.
You're going to have to search for
that value.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And then, you need
to figure out if it has one children, or
two children, or no children.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: For the case where
it has two children, we'll just return.
And we'll stop, and we're gonna,
after our exercise,
we're gonna come back, and
we're gonna explore that next step.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: That make sense?
You ready to go?
Nice little warm-up?
Cool.
And the question that
what should this return.
Dimitri brought up a good point.
If you wanna be able to chain, you could
just return the entire tree at the end.
Or if you want it to have more
like a pop implementation,
you might wanna delete the node, right?
And you're gonna have to save that and
delete it at the end.